README.md, before:

# Stock Management System
---


## Overview
The **Stock Management System** is a console-based application developed in C for managing inventory efficiently. It provides functionalities for handling product details and storing data persistently in CSV files. Designed with a user-friendly console interface, it simplifies inventory management tasks.


## Features
- **User Authentication**: Log in with a username to access the application.
- **Product Management**:
  - Add new products.
  - Modify existing products.
  - Delete products.
- **Product Listing**:
  View products with details like:
  - Product ID
  - Name
  - Description
  - Username (associated with the product)
  - Unit Price
  - Stock Quantity
  - Stock Alert Threshold
  - Last Stock-In Date
  - Last Stock-Out Date
- **Search & Sort**:
  - Search products by name or user.
  - Sort products by name or unit price.
- **Persistent Storage**:
  Save product data in a CSV file for future access.


## Technologies Used
- **Programming Language**: C
- **Storage**: File-based (CSV)
- **Interface**: Console


## How to Build and Run

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/SBAI-Youness/Stock_Management_System.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd build
   ```
3. Build the project:
   ```bash
   make
   ```
4. Run the application:
   ```bash
   .\main.exe
   ```


## Contributors
- **Youness SBAI** (Lead Developer)
- **Yassine HAJIB**
- **Youssef BENMOUSSA**
- **Younes SALYM**

## License
Stock Management System is released under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

Commit message:

Updated the ReadMe file | Corrected some user management mistakes | Added some stock functions

README.md, after:

# Stock Management System
---


## Overview
The **Stock Management System** is a console-based application developed in C for managing inventory efficiently. It provides functionalities for handling product details and storing data persistently in CSV files. Designed with a user-friendly console interface, it simplifies inventory management tasks.


## Features
- **User Authentication**: Log in with a username to access the application.
- **Product Management**:
  - Add new products.
  - Modify existing products.
  - Delete products.
- **Product Listing**:
  View products with details like:
  - Product ID
  - Name
  - Description
  - Username (associated with the product)
  - Unit Price
  - Stock Quantity
  - Stock Alert Threshold
  - Last Stock-In Date
  - Last Stock-Out Date
- **Search & Sort**:
  - Search products by name or user.
  - Sort products by name or unit price.
- **Persistent Storage**:
  Save product data in a CSV file for future access.


## Technologies Used
- **Programming Language**: C
- **Storage**: File-based (CSV)
- **Interface**: Console


## How to Build and Run

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/SBAI-Youness/Stock_Management_System.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd ./Stock_Management_System
   ```
3. Build the project:
   ```bash
   make
   ```
4. Navigate to the build directory and run the application:
   ```bash
   cd build
   .\main.exe
   ```


## License
Stock Management System is released under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.
